Local docker (#310)
grafana/synthetic-monitoring-app: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to this repository

## Getting started

There are two different "modes" for developing this plugin. You can either work on just the plugin, pointed at Grafana cloud (easier to set up), or if you need to work across the entire stack you'll need to set up all the dependent components.

> ### Dependencies

Reviewer: we need SQLite as well, for grafana database.

Author: I think that comes with the docker image

    - The password should be a grafana.com api key
    - The `name` can be anything, it just has to match what you pass as the `grafanaName` in your plugin provisioning file
  - Plugin info:
    - stackId can be found using `gcom /instances/<orgSlug>`, or by visiting `https://grafana.com/orgs/<orgSlug>/stacks` and clicking the `details` button on stack you are connecting to. The id will be in the URL.
    - The `logs` and `metrics` section are instructing the plugin which datasources it needs to use.
      - The `grafanaName` needs to exactly match the names specified in your datasource provisioning
      - The `hostedId` is the same value as the `basicAuthUser` in your datasource provisioning
      - `publisherToken` needs to be a grafana.com api key with a `MetricsPublisher` role. This is what the probes use to publish metrics to your cloud stack.

Grafana configuration can be adjusted using the `custom.ini` file located in `/scripts`. It defaults to development app mode, and has some feature toggles. Grafana will need to be restarted to pick up changes.

### Run

- Run `yarn watch`

> - In a seperate terminal window, run `./scripts/run-local`. You can pass an optional `-v` flag to pick a specific version of Grafana to run. i.e. `./scripts/run-local -v 8.0.1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In a separate terminal window, run `./scripts/run-local.sh`. You can pass an optional `-v` flag to pick a specific version of Grafana to run. i.e. `./scripts/run-local.sh -v 8.0.1`
```

- Go to `localhost:3000`

> - Changes to the plugin code require refreshing the browser. Changes to provisioning require restarting Grafana (which will happen if you just rerun the `run-local` script).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changes to the plugin code require refreshing the browser. Changes to provisioning require restarting Grafana (which will happen if you just rerun the `run-local.sh` script).
```

### Running the entire stack locally

> - See the instructions for [setting up the api](https://github.com/grafana/synthetic-monitoring-api/blob/main/DEVELOPMENT.md)

Reviewer: this link is private :)

Author: I know, but you have to have access to that repo in order to run the whole stack locally
